org/apache/cordova/inappbrowser/InAppBrowser.java
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$1
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$2
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$3
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$4
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$5
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$6
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$6$1
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$7
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$7$1
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$7$1JsObject
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$7$2
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$7$3
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$7$4
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$7$5
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$InAppBrowserClient
org/apache/cordova/file/InvalidModificationException.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.InvalidModificationException
org/apache/cordova/device/Device.java
 org.apache.cordova.device.Device
io/sqlc/SQLiteConnectorDatabase.java
 io.sqlc.SQLiteConnectorDatabase
de/appplant/cordova/emailcomposer/Provider.java
 de.appplant.cordova.emailcomposer.Provider
com/silkimen/cordovahttp/CordovaHttpResponse.java
 com.silkimen.cordovahttp.CordovaHttpResponse
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/notification/action/ActionGroup.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.action.ActionGroup
nl/xservices/plugins/Calendar.java
 nl.xservices.plugins.Calendar
 nl.xservices.plugins.Calendar$1
 nl.xservices.plugins.Calendar$10
 nl.xservices.plugins.Calendar$11
 nl.xservices.plugins.Calendar$2
 nl.xservices.plugins.Calendar$3
 nl.xservices.plugins.Calendar$4
 nl.xservices.plugins.Calendar$5
 nl.xservices.plugins.Calendar$6
 nl.xservices.plugins.Calendar$7
 nl.xservices.plugins.Calendar$8
 nl.xservices.plugins.Calendar$9
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/notification/receiver/AbstractClickReceiver.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.receiver.AbstractClickReceiver
org/apache/cordova/file/FileUtils.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$1
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$10
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$11
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$12
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$13
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$14
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$15
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$16
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$17
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$18
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$19
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$2
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$20
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$21
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$22
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$23
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$24
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$25
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$26
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$27
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$28
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$29
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$3
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$4
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$5
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$6
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$7
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$8
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$9
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$FileOp
org/apache/cordova/file/ContentFilesystem.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.ContentFilesystem
com/silkimen/cordovahttp/CordovaHttpOperation.java
 com.silkimen.cordovahttp.CordovaHttpOperation
com/silkimen/http/TLSSocketFactory.java
 com.silkimen.http.TLSSocketFactory
cordova/plugins/screenorientation/CDVOrientation.java
 cordova.plugins.screenorientation.CDVOrientation
io/ionic/lighthouse/MainActivity.java
 io.ionic.lighthouse.MainActivity
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/notification/trigger/IntervalTrigger.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.trigger.IntervalTrigger
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.trigger.IntervalTrigger$1
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/notification/receiver/AbstractTriggerReceiver.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.receiver.AbstractTriggerReceiver
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/notification/trigger/DateTrigger.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.trigger.DateTrigger
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.trigger.DateTrigger$Unit
io/sqlc/SQLitePlugin.java
 io.sqlc.SQLitePlugin
 io.sqlc.SQLitePlugin$1
 io.sqlc.SQLitePlugin$Action
 io.sqlc.SQLitePlugin$DBQuery
 io.sqlc.SQLitePlugin$DBRunner
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/localnotification/LocalNotification.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.localnotification.LocalNotification
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.localnotification.LocalNotification$1
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.localnotification.LocalNotification$2
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.localnotification.LocalNotification$3
com/ionicframework/cordova/webview/IonicWebView.java
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.IonicWebView
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.IonicWebView$1
com/silkimen/http/HttpBodyDecoder.java
 com.silkimen.http.HttpBodyDecoder
com/ionicframework/cordova/webview/IonicWebViewEngine.java
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.IonicWebViewEngine
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.IonicWebViewEngine$1
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.IonicWebViewEngine$ServerClient
org/apache/cordova/whitelist/WhitelistPlugin.java
 org.apache.cordova.whitelist.WhitelistPlugin
 org.apache.cordova.whitelist.WhitelistPlugin$1
 org.apache.cordova.whitelist.WhitelistPlugin$CustomConfigXmlParser
org/apache/cordova/geolocation/Geolocation.java
 org.apache.cordova.geolocation.Geolocation
com/silkimen/cordovahttp/CordovaHttpBase.java
 com.silkimen.cordovahttp.CordovaHttpBase
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/notification/Builder.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.Builder
org/apache/cordova/file/Filesystem.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.Filesystem
 org.apache.cordova.file.Filesystem$LimitedInputStream
 org.apache.cordova.file.Filesystem$ReadFileCallback
org/apache/cordova/file/TypeMismatchException.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.TypeMismatchException
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/notification/trigger/MatchTrigger.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.trigger.MatchTrigger
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.trigger.MatchTrigger$1
com/silkimen/cordovahttp/CordovaHttpUpload.java
 com.silkimen.cordovahttp.CordovaHttpUpload
org/apache/cordova/file/LocalFilesystemURL.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.LocalFilesystemURL
org/apache/cordova/file/DirectoryManager.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.DirectoryManager
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/badge/Badge.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.badge.Badge
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.badge.Badge$1
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.badge.Badge$2
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.badge.Badge$3
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.badge.Badge$4
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.badge.Badge$5
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.badge.Badge$6
nl/xservices/plugins/accessor/AbstractCalendarAccessor.java
 nl.xservices.plugins.accessor.AbstractCalendarAccessor
 nl.xservices.plugins.accessor.AbstractCalendarAccessor$Attendee
 nl.xservices.plugins.accessor.AbstractCalendarAccessor$Event
 nl.xservices.plugins.accessor.AbstractCalendarAccessor$KeyIndex
org/apache/cordova/file/LocalFilesystem.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.LocalFilesystem
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/notification/Manager.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.Manager
com/ionicframework/cordova/webview/AndroidProtocolHandler.java
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.AndroidProtocolHandler
com/ionicframework/cordova/webview/WebViewLocalServer.java
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.WebViewLocalServer
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.WebViewLocalServer$1
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.WebViewLocalServer$2
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.WebViewLocalServer$AssetHostingDetails
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.WebViewLocalServer$LazyInputStream
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.WebViewLocalServer$LollipopLazyInputStream
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.WebViewLocalServer$PathHandler
io/ionic/keyboard/CDVIonicKeyboard.java
 io.ionic.keyboard.CDVIonicKeyboard
 io.ionic.keyboard.CDVIonicKeyboard$1
 io.ionic.keyboard.CDVIonicKeyboard$2
 io.ionic.keyboard.CDVIonicKeyboard$3
 io.ionic.keyboard.CDVIonicKeyboard$3$1
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/badge/BadgeImpl.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.badge.BadgeImpl
org/apache/cordova/networkinformation/NetworkManager.java
 org.apache.cordova.networkinformation.NetworkManager
 org.apache.cordova.networkinformation.NetworkManager$1
org/apache/cordova/splashscreen/SplashScreen.java
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$1
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$2
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$3
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$4
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$4$1
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$5
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$5$1
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$6
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$6$1
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$7
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/notification/receiver/AbstractClearReceiver.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.receiver.AbstractClearReceiver
org/apache/cordova/file/NoModificationAllowedException.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.NoModificationAllowedException
com/silkimen/http/KeyChainKeyManager.java
 com.silkimen.http.KeyChainKeyManager
org/apache/cordova/inappbrowser/InAppChromeClient.java
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppChromeClient
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppChromeClient$1
com/silkimen/http/TLSConfiguration.java
 com.silkimen.http.TLSConfiguration
com/silkimen/cordovahttp/CordovaObservableCallbackContext.java
 com.silkimen.cordovahttp.CordovaObservableCallbackContext
com/rohithvaranasi/callnumber/CFCallNumber.java
 com.rohithvaranasi.callnumber.CFCallNumber
org/apache/cordova/file/PendingRequests.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.PendingRequests
 org.apache.cordova.file.PendingRequests$1
 org.apache.cordova.file.PendingRequests$Request
org/apache/cordova/statusbar/StatusBar.java
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$1
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$2
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$3
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$4
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$5
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$6
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$7
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$8
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$9
org/apache/cordova/file/FileExistsException.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileExistsException
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/notification/Request.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.Request
com/silkimen/http/HttpRequest.java
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$1
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$2
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$3
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$4
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$5
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$6
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$7
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$8
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$Base64
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$CloseOperation
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$ConnectionFactory
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$ConnectionFactory$1
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$FlushOperation
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$HttpRequestException
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$Operation
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$RequestOutputStream
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$UploadProgress
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$UploadProgress$1
nl/xservices/plugins/accessor/LegacyCalendarAccessor.java
 nl.xservices.plugins.accessor.LegacyCalendarAccessor
de/appplant/cordova/emailcomposer/Impl.java
 de.appplant.cordova.emailcomposer.Impl
com/silkimen/cordovahttp/CordovaClientAuth.java
 com.silkimen.cordovahttp.CordovaClientAuth
org/apache/cordova/file/EncodingException.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.EncodingException
com/ionicframework/cordova/webview/UriMatcher.java
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.UriMatcher
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/localnotification/ClearReceiver.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.localnotification.ClearReceiver
cordova/plugin/nativegeocoder/NativeGeocoder.java
 cordova.plugin.nativegeocoder.NativeGeocoder
 cordova.plugin.nativegeocoder.NativeGeocoderOptions
nl/xservices/plugins/accessor/CalendarProviderAccessor.java
 nl.xservices.plugins.accessor.CalendarProviderAccessor
org/apache/cordova/file/AssetFilesystem.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.AssetFilesystem
com/silkimen/cordovahttp/CordovaHttpPlugin.java
 com.silkimen.cordovahttp.CordovaHttpPlugin
com/silkimen/cordovahttp/CordovaHttpDownload.java
 com.silkimen.cordovahttp.CordovaHttpDownload
io/ionic/lighthouse/BuildConfig.java
 io.ionic.lighthouse.BuildConfig
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/localnotification/TriggerReceiver.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.localnotification.TriggerReceiver
io/sqlc/SQLiteAndroidDatabase.java
 io.sqlc.SQLiteAndroidDatabase
 io.sqlc.SQLiteAndroidDatabase$QueryType
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/notification/Options.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.Options
de/appplant/cordova/emailcomposer/EmailComposer.java
 de.appplant.cordova.emailcomposer.EmailComposer
 de.appplant.cordova.emailcomposer.EmailComposer$1
 de.appplant.cordova.emailcomposer.EmailComposer$2
 de.appplant.cordova.emailcomposer.EmailComposer$3
 de.appplant.cordova.emailcomposer.EmailComposer$4
com/silkimen/http/JsonUtils.java
 com.silkimen.http.JsonUtils
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/notification/Notification.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.Notification
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.Notification$Type
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/notification/action/Action.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.action.Action
org/apache/cordova/inappbrowser/InAppBrowserDialog.java
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowserDialog
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/notification/util/AssetUtil.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.util.AssetUtil
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/localnotification/ClickReceiver.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.localnotification.ClickReceiver
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/notification/util/AssetProvider.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.util.AssetProvider
com/silkimen/cordovahttp/CordovaServerTrust.java
 com.silkimen.cordovahttp.CordovaServerTrust
 com.silkimen.cordovahttp.CordovaServerTrust$1
 com.silkimen.cordovahttp.CordovaServerTrust$2
de/appplant/cordova/emailcomposer/AssetUtil.java
 de.appplant.cordova.emailcomposer.AssetUtil
